Hi within the lecture we're going to take care of data problem so that we can actually save the current
day that we are into to defy your store database so that we can retrieve all those values ordered by
dates later on.
So if you come back here too far you're supposed to right now you're just writing the value of date
as a date as a dummy value.
Now I'm going to delete this and I'm going to write field value.
Okay so this form field value and we're going to say field value dot server timestamp.
So this is like a current timestamp that we can store to the five year star database and it gives us
the year and the month they our minutes and seconds as well so that we can use this safely when we try
to order everything by date and in fact there are lot of other techniques to generate data and save
them to the server as well so we can use swift techniques to generate data to get data in a format that
we want.
But I just don't want to complicate things.
And if you use this field value that server timestamp it will take the current date and save it to your
file your store and we're going to test this and you will see what does it look like when we upload
our first past after this.
So in here in the owl section if this succeeds what do we want to do.
Remember we're just now sitting in the upload we've controller of course we want to reset the comment
and UI image and then go back to first we have controller.
And in order to go to the feed we have controller we are going to use the tab bar controller.
If you say selected index that you can't specify an index.
For example if you say zero.
Let me open our apps from here.
If you say 0 it will take you to the first index.
If you say 1 it will take you to the upload and if you say 2 it will take you to the settings.
So when you work with a tab part controller you can change the index only by writing this one simple
line of code.
OK.
And then we have to make sure tapped to select image is placed into the image view and uncommon text
is reset in order to do that.
I'm going to go over here and say south that image view that image is now a UI image and we will just
give it a name.
And I believe we have named this as select that PSG right and we can just come over here and say South
Dad's comment tax that text is now an empty string.
So this will make everything right.
Here you go.
Now we can test this.
So we're testing if we can actually provide the dates value to our five year store and for some reason
my fire year base is closed.
So let me go to council from here and we're going to have to click on and choose the current project
that we're working on.
So in my case this is this to qualify your base.
Now I can go to my database here and in fact we can see the changes in the database in real time if
you just open it and live it like this.
You're going to see what I mean.
So let me choose a picture from here and let me write something like my favorite picture.
Okay.
If you hit upload just it will just upload the storage and take back to your URL.
And as you can see it took me to the feed and in the real time it added my data to here.
So here you go.
We have the data here.
Let me zoom in a little bit so you can see better.
So this is the day and the year and the hour.
So we have everything up till these seconds.
So it works.
OK.
And I believe we can test this one more time.
We don't have to rerun this simulator because we are not changing anything as you can see it is reset
because we have made it so we have reset the command text and we made Image view in the way that we
want.
And as you can see we do it again it just creates the past so we can see the information in here as
well.
So that's good.
That's working so we actually completed the process of uploading.
Now we're getting the data we're getting the image likes comments and post owner and I'm going to delete
this one because we don't have any data in here.
OK so we only have two posts in which we all have dates and within the next picture we're going to get
these information from the five year star.
So we want them to be consistent.
OK.
So if you have any other dummy values tests pass in here make sure you delete everything and start from
scratch.
OK.
So we want to add a feed in here.
Basically a custom table we we need we can display all of this information to the user.
We haven't done it yet.
So where are we going to learn a new technique as well.
And it's a little bit long.
So we have to stop here and within the next lecture you're going to see how to customize table use cells.